You terrify me, and you excite me, and when you're not around I miss you.
- departures
Oh, I'm a human, and my breathing tube is next to my eating tube. Oh, and look, my arms end in stupid little sticks.
- the good place
This guy says 'hello', I wanna kill myself.
- friends
Well, nobody's perfect.
- some like it hot
What about your children? Who knows if they're even mine? Trust me, those inbreds are definitely yours.
- the royals
Oh my God. All this time I've been hating her, have I actually been in love with her?
I'm in a relationship with myself, and I am a lot of work.
- on my block
How many days do we really remember anyway? Most days pass by unnoticed, unremarkable, unmarked.
We only remember the days we feel something happened. Something beautiful or tragic.
Step up when it's time to step up.
Mistakes I can handle, but regrets I can't live with.
I love the way your brain works.
I didn't know how much I could actually love until I met you and it keeps growing every single day.
You make me feel like I can do anything. We can do anything and I wanna do it all.
Now or never.
No early goodbyes.
Because of you, I have found someone in me that I never would have known, someone that I never would have become. You found me.
Every morning I wake up and I choose you. I choose us, I choose this.
If you're not happy, change.
Later is not guaranteed. Life is not meant to be lived later.
- all my life
I was trying to take a step forward, but I took two steps backward instead- Now take one step sideways and we can stop doing this silly little dance. Ok?
All you do is take and I've got nothing for you right now.
- uptown girls
- START OF SONGS
You told me something when I left, but I don't remember. Maybe cause all I could do then was stare at the floor.
Maybe I should've, but I never told you "I'm sorry". Know that I tried but my words always got in the way.
Could you hold me without any talking?
We could try to go back where we started.
I don't even have to stay.
If I woke up with you in the morning I'd forget all the ways that we're broken.
I don't care if you've changed.
Wish I could tell you by now that I felt more indifferent.
Catch myself thinking about you more than I should.
Maybe I should've but I never told you, "I miss you". I almost said it but don't know if you feel the same.
- stay
It's been so long since I saw your face.
How many times did I fall for you? And how many times didn't I know what to do?
I've been moving all around the world, looking for something that's behind your door.
I was on my way. I was coming home.
Baby, where you going? Why don't you stay by me now?
- coming home
Don't disturb this love of mine.
I want to keep her dreaming.
I won't forget this.
I'm outdated, overrated.
I'll sing a melody and hope to God she's listening.
I'll be your memories, your lullaby for all the times.
If luck is on my side tonight, my clumsy tongue will make it right.
Forget your scars, we'll forget mine.
The hours change so fast. Oh God, please make this last.
You could crush me, but please don't crush me.
I won't let you down. I swear this time I mean it.
- i swear this time i mean it
It's goodbye, but we got one more night.
We can make it right.
Throw it away, forget yesterday. We'll make the great escape.
We won't hear a word they say, they don't know us anyway.
It's so good to be by your side.
We won't give up the fight.
We'll scream loud at the top of our lungs and they'll think it's just cause we're young.
We'll feel so alive.
All of the wasted time. The hours that were left behind, the answers that we'll never find.
- the great escape
I was leaving, but I'm coming back since your heart's in beat with mine.
You deserve to be treated more than right.
From the moment I saw you, I was hypnotized.
Couldn't wait to get you alone, so I could walk with you. So I could talk with you.
I'll do whatever it takes, so I can make you trust.
Let me know what's going on with us.
There's nothing to stop us.
If it feels right, then everything's fine.
For just one night, then you go back to your life and I'll go back to mine.
Here I'm just writing you a letter from the distance past. Enclosed is a photograph to remind you of the times we had.
Baby, go back to your life and I'll go back to mine.
We can make it if we want to, baby.
I would love to show you the way.
I'm not talking about forever, I'm just talking tonight.
Your heart should be with mine.
- your life and mine
It seems all of these words couldn't be further from the truth.
How did I get here? What did I do?
Your eyes, telling me lies, and making me find myself.
Please, let me be free from you and please, let me be free. I can face the truth.
I'm blind to all of your colours.
There used to be rainbows in my eyes, where did they go to? Why disappear?
It's hard to be all alone.
I never got through your disguise.
I guess I'll just go and face all my fear.
Put down your world, just for one night. Pick me again.
- pretend
I don't think that I knew the chaos I was getting in.
I've broken all my promises to you.
Why do you do this to me? Why do you do this so easily?
You make it hard to smile because you make it hard to breathe.
Why do you do this to me?
You were left feeling so alone.
These days aren't easy, like they have been once before. These days aren't easy anymore.
I should have known this wasn't real and fought it off and fought to feel.
What matters most? Everything that you feel while listening to every word.
I promise you I will bring you home.
- why
Slow down, the world isn't watching us break down.
It's safe to say we are alone now.
I'm counting the seconds until you break the silence, so please just break the silence.
The whispers turn to shouting, the shouting turns to tears. Your tears turn into laughter and it takes away our fears.
You see, this world doesn't matter to me. I'll give up all I had just to breathe the same air as you till the day that I die.
I can't take my eyes off of you.
I'm longing, for words to describe how I'm feeling. I'm feeling inspired.
My world just flipped, turned upside down.
My heart beat, it's getting much louder. My heart beat, is stronger than ever.
It's time I open up and let your love right through me.
That's what you get when you see your life in someone else's eyes.
- a twist in my story
Suppose that I missed you. Suppose that I care, and suppose that I spent all my nights running scared, and suppose that I was never there.
My eyes are screaming for a sight of you and tonight I'm dreaming of all the things that we've been through.
I can't hold on to you, so I guess I'll be lonely too.
Suppose we were happy, suppose it was true, and suppose there were cold nights, but we somehow made it through, and suppose that I'm nothing without you
This break down's eating me alive and I'm tired. This fight is fighting to survive.
Tell me a secret. I want it. Tell me a story. I need it.
I'll listen intensively, I'll stay awake all night.
There's nothing left in me, please help me.
Not even my body is strong enough to fight. Let's make this right. Please help me make this right.
Suppose that I was wrong, suppose you were here and suppose that I reached out and caught your tears and suppose this fight just disappeared.
I can't hold on to you, so I guess I'll be lonely too, but I'd rather be here with you.
- suppose
Waiting for your call, I'm sick, call, I'm angry. Call I'm desperate for your voice.
Listening to the song we used to sing in the car, do you remember?
It's playing on repeat, just like when we would meet.
I was born to tell you, "I love you" and I am torn to do what I have to to make you mine.
Stay with me tonight.
Every breath that you will take when you are sitting next to me will bring life into my deepest hopes.
I'm tired of being all alone and this solitary moment makes me want to come back home.
- your call
Turn around and fix your eye in my direction, so there is a connection.
I can't speak. I can't make a sound to somehow capture your attention.
I'm staring at perfection. Take a look at me so you can see how beautiful you are.
You call me a stranger, you say I'm a danger, nut all these thoughts are leaving you tonight.
I'm broke and abandoned, you are an angel, making all my dreams come true tonight.
I can't pretend I wasn't terrified to meet you. I knew you could see right through me.
I saw my life flash right before my very eyes and I knew just what we'd turn into.
Your beauty seems so far away. I'd have to write a thousand songs to make you comprehend how beautiful you are.
I know that I can't make you stay, but I would give my final breath to make you understand how beautiful you are.
- stranger
Do you fear the expressions on the faces we don't know?
I don't think that I have the strength to let you go.
Maybe it's just me, couldn't you believe that everything I said and did, wasn't just deceiving.
The tear in your eye, and your calm hard face makes me wish that I was never brought into this place.
Someday, I promise I'll be gone.
I was crying alone tonight and I've been wasting all of my life just thinking of you, so just come back we'll make it better.
Just come back I'll make it better than it ever was.
- maybe
Have I ruined all you've given me?
I know I've been selfish. I know I've been foolish, but look through that and you will see I'll do better.
If you leave me tonight, I'll wake up alone.
Don't tell me I can make it on my own. Don't leave me tonight.
Sometimes I stare at you while you are sleeping, I listen to your breathing.
Amazed how I somehow managed to sweep you off your feet, girl.
I took for granted what you do.
Don't you know my heart is pumping, it's putting up the fight.
Don't you see, I'm not the only one for you, but you're the only one for me.
- stay close dont go
Dumb, wicked and white, love me in spite.
- out like a light
I'm falling for ya.
I know I shouldn't, but I just can't stop myself from falling for ya. Can't hold on any longer and now I'm falling for ya.
It feels like I tumbled from another world into your arms and it's so secure.
- falling for ya
So many feelings, struggling to leave my mouth.
It's not that rare for me to let myself down in a big way.
It's not the same anymore. I lost the joy in my face.
My life was simple before.
I should be happy, of course, but things just got much harder. Now, it's just hard to ignore.
I spend a long time putting up with people, putting on my best face.
It's only four o'clock and still, it's been a long day. I just wanna hit the hay.
People knocking on me like every day.
I'm tired of taking stress.
I'm tired of feeling suppressed.
When they want me the most, I'm tired of acting like I care, but I do.
I can't wait to hit the bed.
I kept the feelings inside.
I open up when shit gets built up this high.
The words fall out of me and there's no more disguise.
I miss the days when I was someone else. I used to be so hungry. Right now, my stomach's full as hell and I've spent many months just hating on myself.
I can't keep wishing things will be different or leaving problems on the shelf.
I wish I didn't need to get help, but I do
I been so hard on myself, yeah. Even my family can tell and they barely saw what I felt.
I wouldn't wish this on my enemy or anyone else.
It's not the same as before. It's not the same anymore.
I've learned so much from before.
No point in feeling upset, won't take my place on the floor. I'll stand up straight like I'm tall.
It's up to me, no one else. I'm doing this for myself.
It's not the same anymore. It's better, it got better.
- its not the same anymore
There was a time when I worshipped the ground you walked on.
There was a time when I'd kill all my friends for you.
You're the only one, makes me wanna cry.
You're the only one, makes me wanna beat up inside.
You're the only one, makes me feel alive.
You're the only one, makes me wanna go home and curl up and die.
There was a time when there was only you and no one else.
I was just the germs in your flu and I liked being that.
I was just the chip on your tooth and I liked being that.
I was just the me to your you and I liked being that.
- curl up and die
I guess it's just another one of those nights when I'll spend way too much time on something so small that no one really cares about at all.
I guess it's just another one of those thoughts and I can't really find a cause. Whether it's all just in my mind or something more here in my life.
If you're awake, then I am too.
If you're lost, then I'll find you.
If you're hurt, then I'll fix you.
If you go blind, I'll describe the view.
If you can't feel, then I'll hold you.
If you fall, know I've got you.
If you fall down too far and I can't see you through these marks and your eyes are covered in scars, and my head's filling with tar, don't worry we'll find another way out.
On second thoughts, will you even remember me?
It's always been you.
Is it me for you?
- its u
"I don't love you anymore", a pretty line that I adore.
Five words that I've heard before.
You keep me on a rope and tied a noose around my throat.
You're gone, then back at my door.
If you're gonna leave, better leave, better do it fast.
Can't live a little longer sitting on your lap.
You know what you're doin' when you're comin' back and I don't wanna have another heart attack.
I can't be your lover on a leash, every other week, when you please.
I can't be the kiss that you don't need, the lie between your teeth. The cut that always bleeds.
Say you love somebody new, then beat my heart to black and blue. Then they leave, and it's me you come back.
Say you loved me all along and kiss the bruises 'til they're gone. Bittersweet, cause I can't breathe inside your arms.
Even though you're killing me, I need you like the air I breathe.
I need you more than me. I need you more than anything.
I could be your lover on a leash, every other week, when you please.
I could be anything you need, as long as you don't leave.
- the cut that always bleeds
You're sayin' everything has changed and I'm afraid that I might be losing you.
Every night that we spend alone, it kills me thinking of you on your own and I wish I was back home next to you.
Every day, you feel a little bit further away and I don't know what to say.
Are we wasting time talkin' on a broken line?
Tellin' you I haven't seen your face in ages, I feel like we're as close as strangers.
Won't give up, even though it hurts so much.
Every night, I'm losing you in a thousand faces, now it feels we're as close as strangers.
Late night calls and another text, is this as good as we're gonna get?
You and I are runnin' out of time, but you know that I'll always wait for you.
On the phone, I can tell that you wanna move on.
Through the tears, I can hear that I shouldn't have gone.
Every day, it gets harder to stay away from you.
Six months since I went away and I know everything has changed, but tomorrow I'll be comin' back to you.
- close as strangers
In a world full of nothing, you make it make sense.
In a room full of mistakes, you have no regrets.
In my dreams, you're an angel that lies in my bed.
I could never love no one like this.
I promise that I'll be there when nothing is left.
Even if the world was ending, I'd never let you go.
When I was a stranger, you gave me your hand.
You picked up the pieces, yea, you took them and ran.
Everything I'm not, you still love who I am.
I always keep falling wherever you land.
- life after life
We can try again, and maybe you won't leave. Maybe you'll find love, maybe it ain't me.
We can leave this earth, if you need space. We can get lost in the milky-way.
There ain't much that I wouldn't do to have one more day with you.
- my time machine
Just two pills and you'll feel like everyone else.
Rattle me now. You can try to change me. The last thing that you need is to be is yourself.
Push me around. Quiet and sedate me. I'm too high to know why I'm feeling like this.
Threaten me now. Tell me that I'm crazy. Addictions and fake friends are making me sick.
- die a little
Some days it's hard to breathe. Some days I'm over being me.
Some days I try my best to seem happy. Some days this place seems better off without me.
Maybe I won't feel this way some day.
Some days I feel like everyone hates me. Some days I question, "Why would God create me?"
Some days I'm holding strong. Some days I'm barely hanging on.
- some days
Nobody's ever worth my time, but maybe it was time for a change.
I don't wanna be always stuck in between. I'm in love, I'm in lust. I'm obsessed with a dream.
Should I leave before the morning? Stay until the dawn?
Am I taking you home? Are you taking me home?
Should I leave you alone? Should I just leave?
I feel you in my headspace. I'll never get you out of my mind.
Is it love or just a lovely time? Is it easier to throw it away?
- should i leave
I can fake a smile and wear it for a while if you're feeling alone.
If you need someone to be someone, well.. I can be your crutch. I care too much.
It isn't fair, I care too much.
There's not enough of me to fill the vacancy.
It's clear, I care too much. It's just pathetic to see how empathetic I've become and now I'm running out of love.
Never be a saviour, but I'm a walking favour if you're needing a hand.
I got my issues, so grab another tissue and wipe away who I am.
- i care too much
Don't listen to the voice inside your head. You're doing just fine, you're trying your best.
If no one ever told you, it's all gonna be okay.
When you lose faith in everything you ever knew don't give up on you.
You've been living off opinions for way too long. Afraid to be right, ashamed to be wrong.
Those people always keeping up to keep you down. Stop looking for a reason just to keep 'em around.
There's no one like you. One of one, never gonna find another like you.
- gonna be okay
Why aren't you into me?
You only love me when we freaking. You got me jumping off the deep end.
Only free past midnight type of shit don't sit right. Rather be alone and get high.
- the weekend
Letting everybody know, we ain't ever letting go.
All of my friends and all of my money never carried a flame to you, honey.
You got me, as long as you want me.
All of this wonder, all of this pain. There's not a moment I'd ever change.
I don't care if we get caught cause every close call makes a memory.
Hope in ten years you'll remember me.
- i got you
It's for the best, it's over now. Wasn't anyone's fault it didn't work out.
We wanted different things, we had a good run.
She's better off, and so am I. It is what it is, it's alright.
- grew apart
I hope you stay up all night all alone waiting by the phone.
- i hope
In the blink of an eye she showed me what I couldn't see.
I could get used to her eyes locked on mine. That look I can't deny as the night turns to day.
I could get used to her clothes on my floor. Never wanted anything more.
I'm gonna go with the feeling. She's my something to believe in.
- used to this
I bet you're livin' it up with every drink that you down.
Bet you're makin' gettin' over me look easy to do.
I bet you're lovin' me missin' you.
You don't want us back. Everything we did, everything we had. The way you called it quits like that. It's killing me.
- missing you
If my hand is not the one you're meant to hold. Maybe you'd be happier with someone else.
Maybe loving me's the reason you can't love yourself.
You know I'll stay, don't you tempt me, but all this weight is getting heavy.
- ghost town
Just one look into your eyes and I knew I was gonna spend my life with you.
I wanna be with you for the rest of my days.
I won't let anyone or anything come between you and me.
- forever and ever and always
When I close my eyes, I'm lying with you.
You got your head on my chest. Girl you're making me a wreck.
To tell you the truth if I tell you I'm through, I'd be lying with you.
Do you go home alone or do you end up with someone new?
- lying with you
You were like a light I didn't know that I needed.
It was never meant to end like this.
Go ahead and tell me what I did to deserve this.
I'm not saying we were perfect.
Telling me that it was a mistake don't make it hurt less.
If I'm strong enough to let you in, I can let you out again.
I hope someday you'll find someone to love you like I did.
- hurtless
They're never gonna be like you though. You set the bar above the moon.
You're still everything I want and I think we could work it out.
Know you're not as happy as when I was there.
- wyd now?
I see you moved on and it hurts that it's not how I thought you would leave.
You're gone now. I wish you never would've walked out.
Just break me.
You promised me safety when all I knew was chaos.
I was dumb to think you would ever love the same.
I guess I was a fool cause you left me right here.
All I think about is time that you were with me.
Do you ever even miss me?
Maybe I should try to realise that there's not you and I.
- silhouette
I was lost. You found a way to bring me back.
I'm a witness of your love cause you don't be giving up.
It's crazy how you saved me.
Don't know how I got you, but I couldn't ask for more.
Thank God I get to wake up by your side.
Thank God your hand fits perfectly in mine.
You loved me when you didn't have to, but you did and you do.
Thank God for giving me you.
- thank god
How could you leave us all behind?
There's so much to say, but there's so little time.
How do I say goodbye to someone who's been with me for my whole damn life?
When I couldn't, you always saw the best in me.
Right or wrong you were always on my side.
I'm scared of what life without you's like.
You'll always be my closest friend.
- how do i say goodbye
Sometimes it's alright to fake it 'til you make it. Just don't let that be your saving.
Sometimes when your life seems lost with no direction, it's okay to not accept it.
Sometimes you're not fine and there's nothing that you can do about it.
Sometimes when you feel so defeated, just get back up on your feet and try again.
- brown eyes brown hair
One more tug on your T-shirt and I'm coming unglued.
Are my thoughts getting too loud? Am I going insane?
When I see 'em look at you, I lose my shit.
I know that it's selfish, I want you all to myself.
I didn't use to be like this. Why'd you do this to me?
- quit
I don't know nothing 'bout love.
- accidentally in love
Remember, boy, you weren't the first to hold her hand.
If you don't treat her right, hers won't be the only heart you're breaking.
Honey, he ain't good enough for you anyway.
- shes somebodys daughter
Got a feeling I'll see you later.
There's something 'bout you.
- superstar
Wasn't very long, I was jumping in.
I guess I'm still doing now, what I was doing then. Chasing you, like a shot of whiskey.
Chasing that freedom, chasing that feeling that got gone too soon.
Chasing that you and me, I only see in my rear view.
Hell, I'm laying every night holding someone new. Still chasing you.
- chasin you
Pour me another drink cause I don't wanna feel a thing. No more, hell nah. I just wanna sip 'til the pain wears off.
I ain't ever hurt like this before.
Don't wanna think about her or wear a ring without her.
If I'm ever gonna move on, I'ma need some whiskey glasses.
She's probably making out on the couch right now with someone new.
If I'ma be single, I'ma need a double shot of that heartbreak proof.
Make them drinks strong cause brother she's gone.
Ain't nothing else to do, but sip around the truth.
- whiskey glasses
Wish I would've known that by now you'd be good and gone and you'd leave us in a cloud of dust.
Can't you see what you're doin', girl? You ruined damn near everything I love.
Baby, why'd I'd ever take the bait and take you places that I love to go? Hell, I'll never know.
- everything i love
Looks like I'm learnin' the hard way again. It's all my fault.
Thinkin' bout all I've wasted on you.
All of this time and all of this money. All of these sorrys I don't owe you, honey.
All them days I spent wasted on you.
I swore this one'd be different. My heart wouldn't listen.
- wasted on you
You say I gotta get over you and get sober too. I got a lot of habits I gotta kick. Weigh out all your options and take your pick.
I can either burn the bar down or I can take your number out of my phone.
I can give you up right now and never want you back long as I'm half-stoned.
I hate to tell you, girl, but I'm only quittin' one thing at a time.
I know I got me some problems, about a thousand memories I gotta forget, but if I'm gonna solve them, baby, I'll take all the help I can get.
You want me to stop some of that or you want me to stop loving you?
I ain't no Superman, I'm just the way I am.
- one thing at a time
Don't feel bad for you, but I feel bad for him and all the hell you're gonna be puttin' him through.
Probably tell him that I ain't been on your mind. How I ain't nothing, but a long gone thing. You can curse my name, but baby, don't you lie.
When you're tastin' what he's drinkin', are you thinkin' bout me?
When you're ridin' where he's drivin', are you missin' my street?
Every time you close your eyes, tell me who do you see?
When you're up in his bed, am I up in your head? Makin' you crazy. tell me baby, are you thinkin' 'bout me?
When he wants to go to our go-to place, do you tell him you can't? Then go out of your way to be somewhere, any damn where that I ain't?
- thinkin bout me
Someone said it drowns a memory. Ah, but it ain't doing jack.
Nothin' makes you go away.
I need something you-proof, something stronger than I'm used to.
You never ain't not around. Don't matter what time or town, I can't get you gone.
I'd give 'em all my money. Ain't nobody sellin' nothing you-proof.
I must be doin' somethin' wrong cause I've been working hard to fade your memory. Baby, but the only thing faded is me.
- you proof
You told me that you wish I was somebody you never met, but baby, something's tellin' me this ain't over yet.
You know you love to fight and I say shit I don't mean, but I'm still gon' wake up wantin' you and me.
My friends say, "Let her go". Your friends say, "What the hell?"
I wouldn't trade your kind of love for nothin' else.
Last night we let the liquor talk. I can't remember everything we said, but we said it all.
- last night
Will I finally get to move on, maybe?
Spending every minute thinking 'bout you, but looking for somebody else to hold me. Only hoping they will know me like you do.
Get out of my mind for a moment.
You took my heart and marked it like a tattoo.
They say that time will heal like a potion, but time has only got me missing more of you.
Still check my phone to see if your name's on it.
Please, don't forget me when the summer fades. All the while, I'll be trying to replace your face.
All I want is for you to know that I'm sorry for all the things I didn't do.
If I send you a text asking, "How is your life?", it's just me checking in insecure. Wondering if I exist anymore.
- what its like to be lonely
Sometimes you think about all the ways I'm makin' you smile.
- if i was your girlfriend
Trying to get over how bad I want you so much.
Nothing ever gets me high like this. I pick my poison and it's you, nothing could kill me like you do.
I try to stop, but I keep on coming back for more.
You make me feel like I'm out of my mind.
- poison
I'm waiting on the side lines.
I see those tears in your eyes, but I feel so helpless inside.
Just let me love you in your hardest times.
I know right now you feel a bit lost. I'm gonna try hard to pick you up.
I know right now you feel alone and all the good things, they hurt the most, but it's a long way down.
- tired
Wish I knew back then what I know now. Wish I could somehow go back in time and maybe listen to my own advice.
- little me
What if I said I'm sorry? What if I'd make a scene? Wouldn't that make you mine again? You're all I'll ever need.
Didn't I make you laugh and didn't I make you smile? Didn't I make you feel like you were happy for a while?
I know that I've done so many things that let you down, but I hope that you'll give me one more chance to make you mine.
When I close my eyes, you know that you're the only thing I see.
It makes me cry to think that you are no longer with me.
- what if i said i am sorry
I think I'm in love.
Why can't I just try to speak my mind?
- without him
You thought you tore me down.
Every time I try, you just run and hide.
- nothing stopping me
Pay no attention to the lies they try to feed you.
I'm gon' fight for you until I die.
- no place like home
I could be anyone for you.
I could love you, I could be anything you want of me.
In the darkness of the night, baby, let me be your light.
I can't afford to make that mistake this time.
- anyone for you
You just couldn't see my dark side with those rose lenses on.
I don't really know what I'm doing and I'm sorry I put you through this, but I never said I'd treat you right.
I never said I'd treat you right.
It should be me instead, but I guess it's just you who's the fool because I never said I'd treat you right.
You said I didn't have a dark side, you were wrong.
- hell
Somebody help me, think I lost it.
I gotta calculate my chances of surviving.
- ghosts and monsters
When will he learn?
I could love you with my eyes closed, kiss you with a blindfold. Figure you out.
I might hold you with my hands tied, show you I'm the right guy to figure you out.
I've been thinking of all the little things that you've been missing. When will you learn?
When will you learn?
I could treat you so much better, I've known you forever. Figured you out.
- figure you out
I've been so good, why am I feeling empty?
I've been so good, but it's still getting harder.
My days and nights are filled with disappointment.
Am I normal or not?
I've been so good, still, I'm lonely and stressed out.
What of sad thoughts come and I can't stop it?
Bye. I don't wanna say bye.
You say that I'm better, why don't I feel better?
The universe works in mysterious ways, but I'm starting to think it ain't working for me.
- karma
We all go to hell.
We're all gonna die.
I'd hate to see you cry.
We're all full of lies.
Right now, they're building a coffin your size.
You should've raised a baby girl. I should've been a better son.
I could have been a better son.
We're damned after all. Through fortune and fame, we fall.
- mama
Sometimes I get the feelin' she's watchin' over me and other times I feel liek I should go.
Though you're dead and gone, believe me, your memory will carry on.
Your misery and hate will kill us all.
Take a look at me cause I could not care at all. Do or die, you'll never make me.
The world will never take my heart. Go and try, you'll never break me.
I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scars.
- welcome to the black parade
Let the vibe slide over me. This beat is a chemical.
When I leave don't save my seat. I'll be back when it's all complete.
I'm runnin' for my life.
I plan my escape from walls they confined.
You wrapped around my head.
I despise you sometimes. I love to hate the fight and you in my life is like sippin' on straight chlorine.
- chlorine
You don't know the half of the abuse.
We don't deal with outsiders very well. They say newcomers have a certain smell.
You have trust issues, not to mention, they say they can smell your intentions.
- heathens
I was told when I get older all my fears would shrink, but no I'm insecure and I care what people think.
Wish we could turn back time to the good old days.
Sometimes a certain smell will take me back to when I was young. How come I'm never able to identify where it's coming from?
We used to play pretend, give each other different names.
Wake up, you need to make money.
- stressed out
You always knew that you'll be the one that work while they all play.
The time will come when you'll have to rise above the rest and prove yourself.
- warriors
Wait until the reaper takes my life, never gonna get me out alive.
Go ahead and throw your stones.
There was never wrogn 'til there was right.
Drown out the voices in the air, leaving the ones that never cared. Picking the pieces up and building to the sky.
- bones
She smiles. Oh, the way she smiles.
If life was a movie, then it wouldn't end like this. Left without a kiss.
- waiting for superman
I love my girl, but she ain't worth the price.
- happy pills
Look me in my eyes. Tell me everything's not fine.
Admit you were toxic.
You poisoned me just for another dollar in your pocket.
Beg me for forgiveness.
What's your alibi?
- blood // water
I wished you the best of all this world could give.
I told you when you left me there's nothing to forgive, but I always thought you'd come back, tell me all you found was heartbreak and misery.
It's hard for me to say, I'm jealous of the way you're happy without me.
I'm jealous of the nights that I don't spend with you. I'm wondering who you lay next to.
I'm jealous of the love, lve that was in here. Gone for someone else to share.
Watch you slip through my hands.
I die here another day cause all I do is cry behind this smile.
- jealous
We're changing our minds here. Be yours, be my dear.
I can't see one thing wrong between the both of us. Be mine.
Found love, but I was wrong. More times than enough.
You are bringing out a different kind of me.
Every time I see you, baby, I get lost.
Every night I'm with you, I fall more in love.
Everything feels right since you came along.
- fallin all in you
Once you'd gone there was never an honest word.
- viva la vida
When they let you down, you'll get up off the ground.
- another day of sun
Someone in the crowd could be the one you need to know. The one to finally lift you off the ground.
Someone in the crowd could take you where you wanna go. If you're someone ready to be found.
- someone in the crowd
There's only you and I and we've got no shot.
There's not a spark in sight. What a waste of a lovely night.
You say there's nothing here. Well, let's make something clear. I think I'll be the one to make that call.
You're right, I'd never fall for you at all.
- a lovely night
I don't know what your name is, but I like it.
I don't know what you came to do, but I wanna do it with you.
I don't care if this turns into a riot. Let's get reckless, tear this place down to the floor.
- start a fire
Here's to the ones who dream. Foolish as they may seem.
Here's to the hearts that ache. Here's to the mess we make.
Here's to the fools who dream. Crazy as they may seem.
Here's to the hearts that break. Here's to the mess we make.
- audition
Are you shining just for me?
I felt it from the first embrace I shared with you. That now our dreams, they've finally come true.
It's love. Yes, all we're looking for is love from someone else.
A rush. A glance. A touch. A dance. To look in somebody's eyes. To light up the skies. To open the world and send them reeling. A voice that says, I'll be here and you'll be alright.
I don't care if I know just where I will go cause all I need's this crazy feeling.
- city of stars
You got options. Well, baby, I got options too.
Look, baby, I never been an option.
Hope I never see your face.
If you feel like it feels right with someone else, don't waste my time, just go and be with them.
What if I told you that I loved ya, but I kinda wanted another. Would you still be here forever?
I never made you feel like someone else was texting my phone. You were the one that was insecure and creeping on the low.
Without me, you're losing. I just thought you should know.
I'm wondering if you think of me often.
All this thinking 'bout you got my mind exhausted.
- options
Look me right in the eye and tell me all of your goddamn lies.
Fuck you, can't be involved in all of this bull.
Fuck you, it's funny how you're sorry.
No matter what you do, it's done now.
Time's up. You never thought the day would come, huh?
Should've been there when I told you, 'Stop with the games', but you gon' learn one day.
Plenty will tell you I'm the one.
I know I'll be good. It's my time now, this love died out.
Don't say sorry now. I mean, don't even waste your time.
- one day
I know what I want.
No time for the game.
I'll change your life one day at a time.
- on top
There's nothing I want more in this world.
Are you that somebody who sees a wall and breaks it?
Catch me at night time.
I could be pissed, but I act like I'm not.
I really remember when I say I forgot.
Are you ready to fight just to see what's lost behind my flaws?
I need someone who loves me when I wake up.
I want that perfect love, am I asking too much?
Someone who shoots for the stars knowin' I think I'm not even good enough.
Someone who never asks for love, but knows how to take it.
- naked
Danced barefoot and your hair was a mess.
Coulda looked at you all day long.
You tried to downplay your beauty, but you couldn't fool me.
Said you hated the world, but somehow you like me.
Coulda looked at you all night long.
How can I forget you?
Wishin' that you could still be here.
How can I forget? I can't.
You the only one to do me like that.
Stopping this, ain't no way.
I shut my eyes for a second, you were gone.
I'm thinking 'bout you all night long.
Let you slip through my fingers, but you're stuck in my head.
I'll be thinkin' 'bout ya for so long.
- how can i forget
You told me you'd never fall in love.
When will you realise? Baby, I'm not like the rest.
Don't wanna break your heart. Wanna give your heart a break.
I know you're scared it's wrong, like you might make a mistake.
There's just one life to live and there's no time to wait.
The world is ours, if we want it we can take it, if you just take my hand.
You slip out of my fingertips every time you run.
You've been hurt before, I can see it in your eyes.
You try to smile away some things you can't disguise.
- give your heart a break
Now and then, I think of when we were together.
I told myself that you were right for me, but felt so lonely in your company.
That was love and it's an ache I still remember.
When we found that we could not make sense, well, you said that we would still be friends, but I'll admit that I was glad that it was over.
You didn't have to cut me off.
Make out like it never happened and that we were nothing.
I don't even need your love.
You treat me like a stranger and that feels so rough.
Now and then, I think of all the times you screwed me over.
Had me believing it was always somethign that I'd done.
I don't wanna live that way. Reading into every word you say.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know.
- somebody that i used to know
Feels like I'm going insane.
Trying to maintain, but I'm struggling.
- disturbia
The truth will always haunt me, even though it set me free.
You're haunting me, taunting me all in my brain.
When did you lose your emotion? When did you become so cruel?
I don't need you to call me tonight. I don't need you to see if I'm alright.
You left me, so leave me.
- tears
You're so damn hard to please.
- i love it
While you're here in my arms, let's make the most of the night.
- die young
Tell me everything's alright.
Make time for me, don't leave me lonely.
- dear future husband
I should know that you're no good for me.
I should know that you're not gonna change.
- hot n cold
Please don't wake me now.
- best day of my life
You chewed me up and spit me out.
I just wanna throw my phone away, find out who is really there for me.
I fell deep, you let me drown.
- part of me
Think you've got me right where you want me, but you're just in my way.
Don't need nobody in my zone.
I know you want me, but I don't care, baby.
- solo dance
As long as you are with me, there's no place I'd rather be.
As long as I am with you, my heart continues to beat.
We're different and the same.
If you gave me a chance, I would take it. It's a shot in the dark, but I'll make it.
When I am with you, there's no place I'd rather be.
It's easy being with you. Sacred simplicity.
- rather be
I think about her and she knows it.
She pulls me in enough to keep me guessin'.
I love it when you go crazy.
- theres nothing holdin me back
You made me believe you're mine.
You used to call me baby, now, you're calling me my name.
I give and I give and I give and you take.
Say you want me out of your life.
Say you want me back in your life.
Lately, our conversations end like it's the last goodbye.
Who you been calling baby? Nobody could take my place.
- youngblood
It's the way I'm feeling, I just can't deny, but I've gotta let it go.
- we found love
All my life, I've never been sure, until now
Tell me why it feels like eternity.
I can't get myself over you walking in a room.
All my life was just a prequel, leading up to the moment you looked at me.
All I want is you right now.
- until now
We had nights of endless music.
We were busy dancing 'til the dawn.
You knew where this was headed and honestly you're better off.
You got caught up in the colours, you got wrapped up in the ride.
You thought the feeling was forever and the stars were on your side.
It was lovely while it lasted, but it wasn't meant to stay.
You let yourself get carried away. I guess I let myself get carried away.
We got mixed up in the madness, but wasn't it a perfect mess we made?
Well, you live and you learn, you read signs and it's safe and it's simple, and behind our walls we fall back into place.
You're through with pretending 'cause this is how the ending goes.
We got caught up in the colours, We got wrapped up in the ride.
We thought the feeling was forever and the stars were on our side.
We just let ourselves get carried away.
Lost in the fantasy of all that we were gonna be.
It was lovely while it lasted. It was never meant to stay, but we let ourselves get carried away. I guess I let myself get carried away.
- carried away
I'm gettin' old and I need something to rely on.
Tell me when you're gonna let me in.
I'm gettin' tired and I need somewhere to begin.
If you have a minute, why don't we go talk about it somewhere only we know?
This could be the end of everything. So, why don't we go somewhere only we know?
- somewhere only we know
You say there's so much you don't know.
You need to go and find yourself.
You say you'd rather be alone cause you think you won't find it tied to someone else.
Who said it's true that the growing only happens on your own? They don't know me and you.
They don't know me and you.
I don't think you have to leave. If to change is what you need, you can change right next to me.
When you're high, I'll take the lows.
We'll take it slow and grow as we go.
You won't be the only one.
I am unfinished, I've got so much left to learn.
I'd like the company through every twist and turn.
I don't know who we'll become.
I believe that when it's done, we're gonna see that it was better that we grew up together.
Tell me you don't wanna leave cause a change is what you need. You can change right next to me.
- grow as we go
The beauty surrounding means nothing to me, it's you.
Where you are is where I always want to be.
As long as you are there with me.
I will take you to the places I have seen.
Take my heart and run along.
I'll do what I can do, I'll do it all for you
You and I will change the world we know.
Anywhere that I'm with you is home.
All the things that we will see and all the things we'll know.
Take my hand and walk with me, we'll never be alone.
- running after you
The day that I quit is the day I expire.
I gotta keep moving on.
I’m shaking the dirt from my bones.
All I gotta do is walk.
I’m fighting and I’m bleeding. I don’t give up, I walk.
My hope, my love, my reason. They guide me as I walk.
I gotta keep moving, I won’t stop.
Watch out here I’m coming.
Ain’t no knocking me over. I keep bouncing back
Now I’m done with the noise in my head.
In times when I fail, I shakе off the pain.
Sitting and waiting for better days, or facing the battle and fight for a change.
I’ve made my decision.
In times when I fail, I’m taking the pain.
I’m on my way.
- walk
If you're a lover, you should know, the lonely moments just get lonelier the longer you're in love than if you were alone.
When your fantasies become your legacy, promise me a place, in your house of memories.
I think of you from time to time more than I thought I would.
You were just too kind and I was too young to know.
That's all that really matters, I was a fool.
Those thoughts of past lovers, they'll always haunt me.
I wish I could believe you'd never wrong me, then will you remember me in the same way as I remember you?
- house of memories
I haven't spoke to God in a while. Don't think I believe in him.
Baby, some might call this sin, so take me down to Hell with a smile.
I've been thinking, it seems the Devil's always winning.
From the beginning, had me on a string, wrapped around your finger on the trigger.
Shoot me down cause you know you can hold me.
It's a little bigger than a white lie, telling me you could be the good guy.
Just because the lie's white, doesn't sit right. Doesn't make it honest cause the tone's light.
Everyone's polite until they're pushed to being brazen.
In the end, we all fight to be highest.
- white lie
My friends all say I lost my mind.
I keep talking 'bout you all the time.
I can't help but treat you like you're mine.
I'm so fucking mad, I know cause you're driving me insane.
Loving you is such a waste of my time, such a waste of my life.
Thanks for breaking my heart.
I've been different since I met you. All my friends, they say I've changed.
I've been trying to forget you, but you've been stuck inside my brain.
Such a waste of my time, such a waste of my life.
- lost my mind
I would have never thought that you'd be the one to change.
You threw an uppercut like we are stuck in a ring.
I would have never thought that you'd be the one to swing.
Move like a butterfly, but you're a bee when you sting.
Don't say nothing to me, I know what you're doing. I can tell when you actin sly.
I knew when I saw you dressed up, wearing Prada, you're the devil in a disguise.
I'm a blacked-out blur and I'm done with her, so I'ma just dance for the night.
I'm a blacked-out blur, drinking hard liquor, so I'ma just dance for the night.
You think that I forgot that you treat us like a game? Well, I just leveled up and I can see that you changed.
I can see that you changed.
You think that I forgot that you blow up like propane? I think I've had enough, it's time to put out the flame.
I am gonna lose it, they call her Medusa cause she got this look in her eyes.
My life's feeling lucid, I don't know if I am dreaming or if I'm gonna die.
- blur
Mix it up, go with it. Fuck with it, flow with it. Let it all go.
Oh, Lord, think you know what I'm like, but you don't.
I know what you don't.
How does it feel to breathe when you're dead?
They never seen you outta your head.
Sure ain't easy for you to let go of the rules cause they're so much fun.
Oh, no, think I did it again. I said a few things that I shouldn't have done.
Now come alive with me and quit the jealousy.
Now come alive, baby, get out the grave and live.
I know you're bored.
- dead
I self-sabotage, self-medicate, self-camouflage, self-isolate.
I just really wish that the voices in my head would go and talk to someone else instead, but they don't want to.
I could give a hundred different reasons why I don't believe in myself, deceiving myself. I mean it.
Never felt less than right now.
Why can't I feel good, without feeling so bad?
Why can't I feel happy, instead of feeling so sad
I guess I'm a little stuck in the past.
Always told me I would never be enough.
I was always different, but I hid it well. There was something missing, but you couldn't tell.
I was in the middle of a breakdown.
I don't wanna talk about this right now.
I just wanna feel.
I'm the one who's always gonna follow you.
Just let me pretend I'm fine.
- self
The pain just don't wanna quit.
I think I'm outta touch with this invention of love.
Hey, you're okay. Same shit, but it's a different day.
I think I'm coming undone.
I don't remember you, but you're so nice to wake up to.
You got nothing left to lose.
- medicine
You’re such a devil in disguise.
We’ve been through this a hundred times. You say you’d want me but you’re lying, but you’re just my type.
You’re such a liar, babe. You are the match and I’m the fire, baby.
You always tell me that I’m so insane. Why you keep acting like I’m dumb?
You know you look fly as shit.
- liar
Can't sleep cause of something that you said.
Another night spent wishing that I found somebody else.
Another bad decision, why do I do this to myself?
Here we go again. Another nightmare.
I bet you hate me, but I hate you more.
You left my heart in pieces on your bedroom floor.
You tried to change me, put me under your control.
This is fuck you, goodbye.
I won't let you ruin my life.
I just want to forget about all the times that you sat there fucking up the pieces of my mind.
I don't want to be the one that your scars are always leaning on. Just a puppet you can string along.
You're not my friend.
Fuck your sorrys cause this is the end.
I bet you hate me, but I hate you more.
You call me crazy for walking out that fucking door.
- hate me
I'm not who I used to be. I wouldn't know that guy if he was standing in front of me.
Just leave it up to me to be sad in paradise.
I got a good heart, but fuck it up for the art.
Had a good life, I could never really see that.
Got so bad lookin' for love in the trash. If I had it, I wouldn't know how to keep it.
Well, maybe I'm a mess and maybe I'm depressed, and maybe I'll just find out who I am, and I won't like who it is.
I'm a wreck. I do it for the sex.
Maybe I gotta realise this is as good as it gets.
Maybe I'll find where it all fell apart, but I haven't yet.
I'm spending all my money just trying to forget.
I got a good heart, but sometimes I'm a little dark.
Maybe this is just as good as it gets.
Lately, I'm a mess. I think that I'm depressed.
Sometimes it's the best that I can do to just get out of my bed.
Fuck, whatever.
- good as it gets
They say they care if you live or die, but they just need your labor, it's all a lie.
I live to work, my dreams get shot.
If I kill myself, it's an employment cost.
You start to hate the whole human race for not fixing this world before it's too late.
- employment cost
I'm running on no sleep.
I think I might be losing my mind slowly.
I wish I knew how to relax.
I must've been mistaken, thinking if I tried then I could forget.
I'm awake but hardly, hardly even alive.
Every time I think my eyes are closing, I realise it's already the morning.
Maybe I'm a insomniac.
Wanna dream, feels like I'm stuck inside a nightmare.
Knowing I should get up outta bed, but I just lie there.
Life is kicking my ass.
Maybe I would sleep a little better if I tried less.
- insomniac
I'm a little fucked in the head.
I've got demons, but you'll never meet them. Keep them locked up so nobody ever sees them.
It's not right. I'm not fine.
I could try to talk, but nobody ever listens.
I don't wanna get out of bed cause I'm a little fucked in the head.
We all want perfection, instead we got depression. Just another label to add to my collection.
Stay up late and wake up miserable.
Can't stop thinking, overcritical.
- fcked in the head
I will love you endlessly, if you'd only believe me.
I will love you forever, if you'd only believe in me.
You could've been with anyone and I could've been with anyone.
- be around
I miss the days that we'd chill and relax.
Where did the time go? It all passed.
I had no worries, but always have plans.
Now, it's much harder to laugh.
Hard to get up and then work on my craft.
I need inspiration, don't need no validation. No more medication.
I don't need you to save me. Feel like all of you hate me.
Everything's been so hard with all the situations, lately.
I just need to numb the pain for a minute.
I just wanna run away, a vacation.
I don't know what else to say.
I just need to numb the pain.
I just wanna run away.
I don't know why but I feel like a burden.
I spend my life overthinking my purpose.
Can't really cry, I'm so used to the hurting.
Trauma creeps up on me at the wrong moments.
- numb the pain
I said forever on the very first day. I fell for you and landed right on my face.
Stab me in the back. I'm bruised, bashed.
Threw me to the curb like loose trash.
Left me in the past like "Who's that?"
Wish you would've told me that you felt this way.
You've been swingin' me along with every word you say.
You hangin' me out to dry, happen a thousand times.
I guess I shoulda seen it comin' any day now, though.
I thought we had the love and the magic.
You had the gasoline and the matches. Lit me on fire, spark up thе passion.
I guess it really just wasn't what I imagined.
Guеss I gotta live with that, huh?
Splat on the ground, I ain't gettin' back up, but I shoulda known better.
Thought I had control, but you crashed.
Hit the ground, but I'll bounce right back.
I ain't goin' down like that.
Put the crown right back.
Had to get lost with you to find myself.
And I find it kinda funny how the moment that I'm over this is "Can I come over quick?" No.
You had your chance, but you blew it. You had me in the palm of your hand and threw it away.
Now you say that you think we can do this again. Second chance, okay, do I look stupid?
I don't need you here in my life. Please do not text me, I made up my mind
I do not want you here wastin' my time and next time around, I'll be takin' my time.
- splat
Is it getting harder to breathe when I’m mixing drinks with my anxiety?
I'm oblivious.
People just talk over me.
Everybody’s so serious.
Don’t gimme no cape cause I don’t wanna fly.
Sorry, can you please repeat the question? I’m broke and I never pay attention.
Sometimes I wanna run, but no matter where I run, I just run into everyone.
They say I’m not ok, I’m not ok, ok I got it. Same story different day, but every day I say I'm sorry.
Is it ever gonna go my way?
They say I’m not ok, but it’s ok, that’s how I want it.
Wanna be alone. I’m my own worst enemy. Keep ’em all close cause I need the company.
We’re the only ones to blame. Yeah, me, myself and I.
- not ok
Every night it’s just a fight. No end.
In her mind the more he lies she justifies, but why?
Takes the pain and throws away her pride for a man with a hole in the middle of his chest.
Promising herself that she’ll only see the best, so she stays and gives away her life.
Searching for something that’s already dead.
She’s losing herself. Slowly she turns into somebody else.
Finding her worth through a love made in hell.
No matter the price, she wears it well.
- head in her heart
Never givin' up before it's over.
Never counting on 'em four-leaf clovers.
We ain't gonna stop 'til we drop and we hit the floor.
We gonna bring the house down. No one can ever stop us.
On the road, never fall, never have enough.
- hands up
Look at the stars, waitin' for someone to tell you, "You're pretty, you're enough".
I don't know what the feeling's like to be comfortable.
Don't know why you let them in.
Damn, it hurts to say.
I should've seen it comin' from a mile away.
You always wanted to take before you give.
I don't know how you live with yourself.
Our friendship wouldn't change at all, but you busted, haven't talked in a year. I mistrusted, now it's all comin' clear.
You only think of yourself. May be loved, but you're lonely as hell.
I guess you got your way.
I bet you're tired of all the games you had to play.
When you always want more, there's nothing to gain.
- city of angels
I've been dodging all of my friends calls and I'm really sorry to them all.
I've been losing it. Going off of the deep end.
I don't know what the future holds, can't imagine myself growing old.
Feel like the whole world's collapsing around me.
I don't know what the hell to do.
I think my sanity is screwed.
Feel like I'm drifting alone in space.
My mind is going numb.
Life is a big disaster.
I'm falling out of touch.
I've been having nightmares as of late, still better than being awake.
I hope I don't fall victim to myself.
Don't think my mind will ever change. I think it might be stuck this way.
I've been falling, losing hope that anything could save me.
I think I might collapse real soon, burn out and stay inside this room.
I've been growing bleaker, weaker, fading every moment.
- falling faster
I wish I was ambitious.
Can't stand the heat, so I get out the kitchen.
Wish I had some luck.
Wish I wasn't superstitious.
I got two ears, but I hear they don't listen.
Got 99 problems, but still no bitches, damn.
Maybe I can find some peace of mind, but the older I get, the harder it's to find.
Can't wait for the day that I feel okay.
I just wanna be like the kid I was.
They say I got time, but like, time is fucking scary man.
They always be comparing me to him and her and that just isn't fair to me.
You know I'm not a kid, so why you kidding me.
You say my bad habits are annoying, but I don't play with toys, so why you toying.
I thought I'd have it all figured out by now.
- when i grow up
So many times I've been let down, but that never washed my spirit out.
Every time I stand up proud.
I vow to show myself respect.
I'll say the words, "This too shall pass".
When all of these people keep falling around me, I wonder if I could be next.
I'm stuck inside the middle of a fight with good and evil.
Every time I try to focus, I feel like a loser.
My right brain just switched sides with my left brain.
- brightside
I hope you never fall in love again.
I hope that every guy you meet is a weirdo.
I hope you never make it out of the friend zone.
I hope that every guy you meet is a loser.
I hope they meet your best friend and they choose her.
One, two, fuck you.
I hope you have bad dates and heartbreaks. Staying up too late on weekdays, thinkin' bout everything we had that you threw away.
- i hope you never fall in love again
I don't wanna fall in love again.
You broke my heart when I told you not to.
I wanna hate you.
You took my hand, told me not to be scared, but then you disappeared like you were never there.
Not that you care, but I hate you.
You broke a promise, better be cautious.
Happy endings never last.
Cupid's dead, you're out my head.
- i shot cupid
Get your fake news outta my face.
People complain too much.
Hate me, but that's not my concern.
I guess I got my head in the clouds.
I'm not phased by the things you gotta say.
I'm not a player, shhh, I run the play.
- right now
Try, you can’t pull me under. Strike me with lightning and thunder, I'll fight until my lungs give out.
I've been through hell. I’ve hurt myself. I've seen my flaws filling up on the shelf.
Just let me go be on my own.
Ain't nobody gonna take my place, I'm the master of my own fate.
I dare the devil to knock me down.
Imma do what they told me can't be done.
- go for gold
Talking to myself.
We are always running for the thrill of it.
I'm just in awe of what's in front of me.
Is it real now? Two people become one.
Thought I'd never see the love you found in me.
Catch me, I'm falling down.
I'm your shoulder, lean upon.
- walking on a dream
Are you sick of me? Would you like to be?
She might let you stay, but just for the night.
Love can burn like a cigarette and leave you alone with nothing.
- lovers rock
What's wrong, you've been askin', but I don't have an answer.
When we get old, will we regret this?
Stalling only goes so far when you've got a head start.
We could stay at home and watch the sunset.
I can't help from asking, "Are you bored yet?".
If you're feelin' lonely, you should tell me before this ends up as another memory.
Will you tell the truth so I don't have to lie?
Feels like I've known you my whole life.
I can see right through your lies.
I don't know where we're goin', but I'd like to be by your side.
If you could tell me how you're feelin', maybe we could get through this undefeated.
- are you bored yet
What's been happenin' in your world? What have you been up to?
I wanna grab both your shoulders and shake, baby. Snap out of it.
I get the feelin' I left it too late, but, baby, snap out of it
I'll be here waitin' ever so patiently for you to snap out of it.
Forever isn't for everyone, is forever for you?
Under a spell, you're hypnotised. Darling, how could you be so blind?
- snap out of it
Hotter than a fantasy, lonely like a highway.
So bright, she can burn your eyes.
You can try, but you'll never forget her name.
- girl on fire
How did I read the stars so wrong?
Everything you see ain't always what it seems.
I wish I knew then, what I know now. Wouldn't dive in, wouldn't bow down.
Falling from cloud nine, crashing from the high.
- wide awake
There's a side to you that I never knew.
All the things you'd say, they were never true.
The games you'd play, you would always win.
You and me together, nothing is better.
When we fell, somethin' died cause I knew that that was the last time.
Even now, when we're already over, I can't help myself from lookin' for you.
- set fire to the rain
Like you already knew me, that's why we get along.
It's cinematic in the way we connected.
Girl, you're so familiar, I never expected you.
Something 'bout the sound of you is stuck in my head.
I'm hopelessly romanticizing all that you said.
Even though I see that I'm in too deep, I still gotta let you know that I never wanted anyone more.
Falling forwards onto thе floor. Feels like I've felt this feeling bеfore.
Living in a dream, but we're not pretending.
I don't wanna wake up. No, I don't want it to stop.
I know that this will never go wrong.
- never go wrong
Night after night, you drive me a little bit crazy.
I guess crazy attracts crazy.
Baby, this feels right, coming home to you every night. No more goodbyes, now we say goodnight.
Even when we get in fights, I know we'll be alright.
I knew that you were mine from the second that you walked in.
I love losing trash of time anytime that we're talking.
You make loving you so easy. You make loving me seem easy.
I know I'll lose every single fight cause you're always right. How are you always right?
Baby, you're love keeps me living. Your gift keeps on giving.
- this feels right
















